[Music]
what does we need only sway neato it
means little drink that's it no story
alright alright everybody sit down so
that it's a story of a block that was
disappearing and invite you hold
Washington Heights
the streets were made of music
I almost navien you probably never her
money report some of famer greatly
exaggerated and these blocks
you can't walk two steps without
something into someone's big plan no
skills
I was saving upon my pennies in my piggy
bank is day this is gonna be an
emotional roller coaster the odds are
against you but there's a chance right a
[Music]
dream isn't some sparkly dynamic
there's no shortcuts sometimes it's
rough talking about kicking out all the
dreamers make some noise
we had to assert our dignity in small
ways just listen
little details that tell the world we
are not invisible ignore anyone who
doubts
[Music]